DOCS-8271-SAML-IDP (#80)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc

+
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

== Import SAML Metadata

> You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form.

Author: ```suggestion
You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form. Note that you can import the SAML 2.0 metadata only when you are creating a new SAML 2.0 configuration.
```

> You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form. Note that you can import the SAML 2.0 metadata only when you are creating a new SAML 2.0 configuration.

Reviewer: Is it possible to make this a two-step task, with numbered steps (maybe one to nav and one to click the link?)
Also, consider setting the restriction right from the beginning:
```suggestion
When creating a new SAML 2.0 configuration, you can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form. 
```

Reviewer: Import the provider's metadata FILE? XML file?

Author: ```suggestion
When creating a new SAML 2.0 configuration, you can upload an XML file containing your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form.
```

> When you upload an XML file to import your metadata:

Reviewer: So...the upload automatically populates the form; all that "you" do is click (?) the link to import.
YOU are IMPORTING; the process is UPLOADING and POPULATING, right?
This sentence doesn't exactly reflect what is in the para above it.

Reviewer: Again, should we make this a task with an intro saying you can do this and WHY, mentioning the prerequisite file size limit and new config requirements, having a couple of steps, and then following with the second two of the three following items?

Author: Should it really be a task if it's only one step? They import, and the rest is done for them.

* The file must be smaller than 16 KB.

> * If you upload an XML file that contains more than entry, Anypoint Platform uses the first identity provider configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you upload an XML file that contains more than one entry, Anypoint Platform uses the first identity provider configuration.
```

> * Anypoint Platform does not check the validity of the values in the XML that you upload. You must ensure your identity configuration is correct before creating the identity provider configuration.

Reviewer: If you keep this third item as a bullet, remember to apply our bullet list formatting standard:

```suggestion
* Anypoint Platform does not check the validity of the values in the XML that you upload. +
You must ensure that your identity configuration is correct before creating the identity provider configuration.
```
Or maybe this is another prerequisite; is this before or after (verify rather than ensure that)?

Author: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Platform does not check the validity of the values in the XML that you upload. +
Verify that your identity configuration is correct before creating the identity provider configuration.
```

== Export SAML Metadata

> If your identity provider supports uploading service-provider metadata, you can click the *Anypoint service provider metadata* link to download your SAML configuration settings in an XML file. You can then upload this file to your identity provider to configure Anypoint Platform. Note that you must have a SAML 2.0 identity configuration to export this data.

Reviewer: ditto re. task topic = steps

+
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

== Import SAML Metadata

> You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform. You can use *Import IdP Metadata* to import an XML file that contains a SAML 2.0 configuration from your identity provider. The XML file's values populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form.

Reviewer 2: I think we can simplify to the following: "You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform via the *Import IdP Metadata* link.  Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form."

Author: ```suggestion
You can import your identity provider's SAML 2.0 metadata to Anypoint Platform using the *Import IdP Metadata* link. Once uploaded, the XML file's values automatically populate the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form.
```

When you upload an XML file to import your metadata:

* The file must be smaller than 16 KB.

> * The file must contain values that correspond to the fields in the *Identity Provider* page.

Reviewer 2: I think we can probably remove this bullet.  It's probably more confusing than helpful, since in 98% of cases this file will be generated automatically by an IDP

> * The file must contain values that correspond to the fields in the *Identity Provider* page.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> * When you upload an XML file that contains more than one identity configuration, Anypoint Platform uses the first available identity provider configuration.

Reviewer 2: "If the file contains more than one entry, Anypoint Platform uses the first identity provider configuration."

Author: ```suggestion
* If you upload an XML file that contains more than entry, Anypoint Platform uses the first identity provider configuration.
```
